# Donut_Exp
Here is an example of the donut task. 

There are three main phases. 
1. A baseline binocular rivalry dominance tracking task, where you will be asked to indicate the dominant orientation (pull and hold the specified trigger for a given orientation, so that we can collect the duration of the percept's dominance).

2. A donut phase where you will be presented with a flashing donut and a central dot. Here, you will asked to indicate whenever the dot turns yellow. As the colour changes can be rapid, pull and release ONCE whenever the dot turns Yellow.

3. A repeat of the binocular rivalry task.

I've originally tried to make this a standalone app, so you'll be presented with all the practice and experimental trials in consecutive order.
Missing are controls and follow-ups which I want to conduct but will add on a later date. 

NB:  I've tried to include longer inter-trial intervals, but the experiment can still be very tiring. Also, stimuli are a little different from the original donut task, but should not, in theory, result in too much of a difference.

**** Instructions about running the project.

** Downloading project
Option 1: clone the repository so that you can get updates about changes in the code.
Cloning steps are provided at:
https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/cloning-a-repository

One issue is that although I have included a Unity gitignore (ignores temp files generated by Unity), temp files created during Build & Run still show up as changes to the repo. As I haven't worked out the extensions of all of these temp files, if you are using Github desktop, do not push these changes to the current repo. 

Option 2: Download the repository as a zip file. 
As the changes to the codes will be reflected in the current repo, you could choose to download the updated files rather than the whole project.

** Running the project
Open Unity Hub and add the downloaded/cloned repository to the list of projects. Version of Unity used is 2019.3.0f6.
You can download the correct version at this link: https://unity3d.com/get-unity/download/archive
Click on Unity Hub download option (green icon with unity hub written on it). Make sure to that the relevant android build support options are checked (i.e., Andriod SDK and NDK tools, and OpenJDK). I tried downloading the exe file once and it didn't always have all the relevant packages.


